#Go to your AWS console, select Simple notification service from AWS Services.
#Inside the Simple Notification Dashboard, Select Topics on the left side panel of the dashboard. #Click on Create Topic.
#Note: Text SMS Service is not available for all the regions, i.e if you select Mumbai it won’t work. #I have selected my region as Middle East(Bahrain).
#Once Topic is created, we have to create a subscription by click on create subscription from #subscription tab in the left side panel.
#Topic ARN will be created automatically when you created topic in the previous step. You just have #to select from the available topics.
#Select protocol as SMS.
#Give your number as Endpoint

####Now, we have to create an IAM user for accessing the AWS service through NodeJs Program.#####
#Identity and Access Management, An IAM user is an identity with long-term credentials that is used #to interact with AWS in an account.

#1. Click on Add User
#2. Fill User Name i.e SMS_Sender
#3. In Access type select the Programmatic Access(how these users will access AWS, by Access keys and #   autogenerated passwords). (Console access doesn’t require for this IAM user because we are not #   going to access the console through this credential but if you want you can #   give)
#4. Now set the Permissions for this IAM user,select AmazonSNSFullAccess policy
#5. Click on Next, Give some tag and description, finish the user Creation.
#6. After Successful completion of IAM user creation(SMS_Sender), you will get two things which we need to  access AWS Service :

    Access ket ID
    Secret access key

#.7 Copy and save your Access key ID and Secret access key in somewhere .

#################### Note: Secret access key will be shown at the time of user creation, it can’t be retrieved in the future. Better you save it somewhere now otherwise you have to create a new IAM user########################

#Create a .env file in the root directory to store AWS Credential of your project i.e

#For more documentation about SNS visit 
 https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/latest/AWS/SNS.html

 ###########################   AWS guides for developers ############################
 https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/v3/latest/clients/client-sns/classes/sns.html
 https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/latest/AWS/SNS.html

############################# To verify OTP ############################################
